Manage Cookie Preferences
Somebody said ... cookies?
We are a registered company, incorporated in Ireland with VAT/TAX reference IE3388031IH. Our registered address is located at 4 Waterloo Rd, Ballsbridge, Dublin, D04 A0X3 Ireland.

Information about use of Cookies
Our website, demo-whitelabel.nuitee.link, utilizes cookies to differentiate you from other users of our website. This enables us to enhance your browsing experience and make improvements to our site.

What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a small file consisting of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or computer's hard drive with your consent. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. Cookies play a vital role in ensuring a consistent and efficient experience for users of our website. They are text-only strings of information that our website transfers to the cookie file in your browser's hard disk. This allows the website to remember your identity, either for a single visit or multiple visits. There are two types of cookies used on our website: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are temporary and remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site. Persistent cookies, on the other hand, remain in the cookie file for a longer period (the duration depends on the specific cookie). Cookies typically include the domain name from which the cookie originated, its "lifetime," and a value, often a randomly generated unique number. By using our website with your browser settings configured to accept all cookies, we interpret this as your desire to use our products and services, and your consent to our use of cookies and other technologies as described in this Cookies Policy.


Strictly Necessary cookies
These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of the website and cannot be disabled.

Analytical cookies

These cookies collect information about how you use our website. All of the data is anonymized and cannot be used to identify you.